# LoRa32u4II_DorjiDRF1276DM_Wireless_Communication
One of the most delicate problems to solve, and which you could encounter, is that of ensuring wireless communication between Dorji DRF1276DM module and LoRa32u4II board (LoRa Technology). Many people face this problem and start looking for the solution on the internet, but the lack of documentation and resources on the internet and the modernity of LoRa technology in the market, are the main reasons which make them unable to solve this problem and find the correct answers to their questions. I was personally one of these people and I struggled for a month to solve this problem which was part my Master's end-of-study project (from 1 February 2019 to 13 June 2019). After several failed attempts to transfer the data packets through the network, I finally managed to find the solution and fully understand how I can establish wireless communication between the two boards. Today I am sharing this solution with you on GitHub to let you overcome this problem, towards the goal of exploiting this wireless communication in your own applications. I remain at your entire disposal, do not hesitate to contact me at h.taous@ump.ac.ma if you have any questions, remarks, suggestions, or if you need assistance.     
## What is LoRa Technology ?
LoRa is a wireless Technology that offers long range, low power and secure data transmission for Machine to Machine (M2M) and IoT applications. LoRa is based on chirp spread spectrum modulation (CSS), which has low power characteristics like FSK modulation but can be used for long range communications. LoRa can be used to connect sensors, gateways, machines, devices, animals, people, etc. LoRa Technology operates in different frequency bands in different regions: In Australia and North America it operates in the 915 MHz band, in Europe it operates in the 868 MHz band and in Asia it operates in the 865 to 867 MHz, 920 to 923 MHz band. LoRa Technology was created by a French company called Cycleo which was then acquired by Semtech in 2012. Semtech was the founding member of the LoRa Alliance that is now the governing body of LoRa Technology. The LoRa Alliance is one of the fastest growing Technology alliances. This non-profit association consists of more than 500 member companies, committed to enabling large scale deployment of Low Power Wide Area Networks (LPWAN) IoT through the development and promotion of the LoRaWAN open standard.
## What is LoRa32u4 II ?
LoRa32u4 II is a light and low consumption board based on the Atmega32u4 MCU and HPD13 LoRa module and an USB battery charging circuit. Ideal for creating long range wireless networks that can exceed 2.4 GHz 802.15.4 and similar, it is more flexible than Bluetooth LE, doesn't require high power unlike WiFi and offers long range. For more information about LoRa32u4 II board, visit this link http://www.diymalls.com/index.php?route=product/product&product_id=88.
## What is Dorji DRF1276DM ?
Dorji DRF1276DM is a type of long-range low data rate data radio modem based on SX1276 from Semtech. It is a low cost transceiver module designed for operations in the unlicensed ISM (Industrial Scientific Medical) and LPRD bands. Frequency spectrum modulation/demodulation, multi-channel operation, high bandwidth efficiency and anti-blocking performance make DRF1276DM modules easy to realize the robust and reliable wireless link. For more information about Dorji DRF1276DM module, visit this link http://www.dorji.com/docs/data/DRF1276DM.pdf.
## What do you need ?
- Lora32u4 II board
- Dorji DRF1276DM module
- Raspberry Pi board
- UART-USB converter
- Two antennas 868 MHz
